>> Sarah Drasner: All right,
we're gonna do a quick exercise and
then we're gonna keep going.
So, fork this pen,
>> Sarah Drasner: And I'll make it public.
>> Sarah Drasner: This pen has all of
the things kind of rigged up for you.
So you have a transition, and
I'm gonna say bouncein and rollout here,
but you can change the name of
these enter and active classes.
And everything's basically set up,
all you have to do is rate the,
not all you have to do,
I should not say it like that.
But what you should do is
either take these classes or
name them something else and plug CSS
animations into those two classes,
one for entrance and one for exit.
Extra points if they're
slightly different.